<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
	<meta charset="UTF-8" />
	<title>Dawnbreakers Project Instructions</title>
	<style>
		body { font-family: Georgia, serif; background-color: #f9f9f9; padding: 2em; line-height: 1.6; color: #222; }
		h1 { text-align: center; }
		h3 { color: #444; margin-top: 2em; }
		p { margin: 0.6em 0; }
		ul { margin: 1em 0 1em 2em; }
		code { background: #eee; padding: 0.1em 0.4em; }
	</style>
</head>
<body>
	<h1>Dawnbreakers Project Instructions</h1>

	<h3>Core Rules</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>All content must match the 11 uploaded note files.</li>
		<li>When referring to any content, scan all 11 files <strong>5 times line by line</strong> to confirm accuracy.</li>
		<li>No content is to be made up or altered without direct permission.</li>
		<li>Every new idea or scene discussed must be saved in a floating document and made editable.</li>
		<li>All documents must remain editable and viewable in the project root folder.</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Scene File Creation</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>All scene files must be built <strongonly from the uploaded notes</strong> — no invention or guesswork.</li>
		<li>Scenes must use the language, emotional tone, and structure as provided in the notes.</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>XHTML Export Standard</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>All scene exports must be in <strong>valid XHTML format</strong>.</li>
		<li>Only <strong>ASCII characters</strong> may be used (replace <code>’</code> with <code>'</code>, <code>–</code>/<code>—</code> with <code>-</code>).</li>
		<li>Use tabbed indentation throughout the file.</li>
		<li>All single tags must be self-closing (e.g., <code>&lt;meta /&gt;</code>, <code>&lt;br /&gt;</code>, <code>&lt;hr /&gt;</code>).</li>
		<li>Structure content using:
			<ul>
				<li><code>&lt;h1&gt;</code> for scene titles</li>
				<li><code>&lt;h3&gt;</code> for scene headings</li>
				<li><code>&lt;p&gt;</code> for dialogue and description</li>
				<li><code>&lt;strong&gt;</code> inside <code>&lt;p&gt;</code> for speaker names</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>Include a <code>&lt;style&gt;</code> block for serif font and readable layout.</li>
		<li>Scenes must render cleanly when served using <code>php artisan serve</code>.</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>Session Persistence Note</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Uploaded note files are <strong>not persisted</strong> between sessions.</li>
		<li>You must <strong>re-upload all 11 Dawnbreakers note files</strong> in any new session before continuing work.</li>
		<li>Once re-uploaded, instruct the assistant to: <code>Scan all 11 files line-by-line 5 times</code> before continuing.</li>
	</ul>
</body>
</html>
