<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
	<meta charset="UTF-8" />
	<title>Kate Bishop Meeting – Part 1</title>
	<style>
		body { font-family: Georgia, serif; background-color: #f9f9f9; padding: 2em; line-height: 1.6; color: #222; }
		h1 { text-align: center; }
		h3 { margin-top: 2em; color: #444; }
		p { margin: 0.6em 0; }
		strong { font-weight: bold; }
		hr { border: none; border-top: 1px solid #ccc; margin: 2em 0; }
	</style>
</head>
<body>
	<h1>Kate Bishop Meeting – Part 1</h1>
	<h3>INT. JOSIE’S BAR – LATER THAT NIGHT</h3>
	<br />
	<p>Foggy nurses the same beer. He checks his watch. Then the door swings open and in walks MARCI STAHL, radiant in business-casual defiance of Josie’s dim glow.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Beside her—KATE BISHOP, dressed in a leather jacket, black jeans, and that unmistakable air of someone who’s just passing through but sees everything.</p>
	<br />
	<p>FOGGY (standing quickly)</p>
	<p>Marci. Hey—wow. I thought you said you were coming alone.</p>
	<br />
	<p>MARCI (grinning)</p>
	<p>You know I hate walking the city alone after dark.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (offhand, scanning the bar)</p>
	<p>She saw three rats on the same pizza slice and panicked.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>FOGGY</strong></p>
	<p>You brought Hawkeye for rats?</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (dry)</p>
	<p>I’m not the rat-fighting kind. Unless they’re six feet tall and Russian.</p>
	<br />
	<p>They settle in, Kate casually clocking exits, clientele, and Foggy’s nervous energy. She eyes the empty booth.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>So… where’s the blind guy?</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>MARCI</strong></p>
	<p>He still working?</p>
	<br />
	<p>FOGGY (dodging)</p>
	<p>Uh… probably just got caught up. You know how Matt is. Always someone needing saving or suing.</p>
	<br />
	<h3>INT. JOSIE’S BAR – MOMENTS LATER</h3>
	<br />
	<p>The door creaks open.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Matt steps in, trench coat hiding the torn sleeve beneath. He moves carefully, too smoothly. Only someone like Kate would notice the limp he’s hiding.</p>
	<br />
	<p>FOGGY (relieved)</p>
	<p>There he is. Thought I’d have to lie to another waitress about you being dead again.</p>
	<br />
	<p>MATT (dry)</p>
	<p>Give it time.</p>
	<br />
	<p>He turns—freezes for half a second as he senses the new presence. Sharp. Young. Watchful.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (already smiling)</p>
	<p>You’re taller than I expected. Also... look like you’ve been in a fight with a brick wall.</p>
	<br />
	<p>MATT (charmed but guarded)</p>
	<p>Most walls hit back harder than you'd think.</p>
	<p>(extends a hand)</p>
	<p>Matt Murdock.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Kate Bishop. Marci’s tagalong. And professional people-reader.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She shakes his hand. Her brow furrows—something’s off with him. His pulse, the subtle tension in his grip.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (curious)</p>
	<p>So what’s your excuse for being late? Swamped at work? Or did Hell’s Kitchen actually live up to its name tonight?</p>
	<br />
	<p>MATT (evasively)</p>
	<p>Let’s just say... it was a little darker than usual out there.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate raises an eyebrow but says nothing. She knows how to read a room—and how not to push when someone’s bleeding under the surface.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>LATER – SAME BOOTH</strong></p>
	<br />
	<p>The group chats, but Matt is quiet. He listens more than he speaks.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate eventually gets up to leave, slinging her bag over one shoulder.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (to Matt)</p>
	<p>You owe me a story next time. I can smell secrets, y’know.</p>
	<br />
	<p>MATT (with a faint smile)</p>
	<p>Be careful where you look. Some secrets bite.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (grinning back)</p>
	<p>I’ve been bitten before.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She exits with Marci, but not before giving Matt one last glance. Something about him… feels tethered to something bigger.</p>
	<br />
	<h3>INT. JOSIE’S – MOMENTS LATER</h3>
	<br />
	<p><strong>FOGGY</strong></p>
	<p>You good?</p>
	<br />
	<p>MATT (quiet)</p>
	<p>No. But I think help’s coming.</p>
	<br />
	<p>He fingers the edge of a coaster, the faint heat of Rael’s presence still echoing in his chest.</p>
	<br />
	<h3>EXT. NEW YORK CITY – NIGHT</h3>
	<br />
	<p>KATE BISHOP walks alone now, weaving her usual backtrack route through the city—detours and random turns, a practiced dance to shake off tails she doesn’t have.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She tugs her jacket tighter against the breeze.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE (V.O.)</strong></p>
	<p>Same rhythm. Same concrete. Same shadows. You think you’ve seen it all—until something feels... off.</p>
	<br />
	<p>As she turns a corner toward her block, something different prickles at her senses—not the usual city paranoia. It’s warmth. Faint, but unnatural for midnight.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She pauses. Narrows her eyes.</p>
	<br />
	<p>A soft, amber glow flickers down a narrow alley to her right—not electrical, not firelight. More like the kind of warmth you feel under your skin.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE (V.O.)</strong></p>
	<p>This is the part where someone tells me don’t go in there.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She steps into the alley.</p>
	<br />
	<h3>EXT. ALLEYWAY – CONTINUOUS</h3>
	<br />
	<p>It's quiet. No wind. The city seems to hush itself. The glow emanates from around a corner—pulsing gently, like a heartbeat. No sound, but the air vibrates.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate draws a compact baton from her bag—nothing threatening, just habit. She rounds the corner—</p>
	<br />
	<p>—and there he is.</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL SOLARI sits on a low crate at the alley’s end, barefoot, wearing garments cut in the style of ancient ceremonial dress but tailored with modern ease—linen whites trimmed in muted gold. His presence is calm, grounded—eyes closed, posture steady. No visible source explains the soft glow around him—just a quiet radiance, as if the alley itself remembers morning light. He’s... waiting.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (tightening her grip on the baton)</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE (V.O.)</strong></p>
	<p>Okay. Either you're a ceremonial street magician with delusions of grandeur, or I’ve stumbled into a really convincing immersive art piece.</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL (without opening his eyes)</p>
	<p>You’re not afraid.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>I’ve met Norse gods, alien dogs, and a guy who talks to ants. You’re gonna have to try harder than “mysterious lightshow guy.”</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL (opening his eyes slowly)</p>
	<p>You were curious. That’s more important.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (eyeing him)</p>
	<p>You know my name?</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL (nods)</p>
	<p>And you know mine. Not yet with your mind—but your soul is already turning toward me.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>That’s... creepy. Poetic. But creepy.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Rael stands slowly, the ambient light adjusting as he moves—robes already present, woven from linen whites with muted gold trim, designed in the cut of ancient ceremonial dress but worn with effortless modern stillness. His presence is focused, grounded, and human—more watchful than overwhelming.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>You walk with shadows, but carry light.</p>
	<p>Most wouldn’t notice what you carry. But I see it clearly.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (blinking)</p>
	<p>Alright, prophet-man, let’s start over. Who are you?</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL (softly)</p>
	<p>Rael Solari. A sun born in flesh.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (deadpan)</p>
	<p>Cool. Any chance you’re also just a weird street performer?</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL (smiling)</p>
	<p>Would that make this easier?</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>A little.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>Then yes. Let’s say I’m just someone passing through.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Passing through... my alley.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She lowers her baton slightly.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>You’ll feel it before you know it’s a choice. A moment that seems small—until it isn’t. And when it comes, I hope you remember what this light felt like. It will be looking for you.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Rael stands with calm intention, stepping past Kate with the quiet gravity of someone used to being given space—like a priest crossing a sanctuary. She doesn’t move. Doesn’t need to. Something in her simply understands to let him pass.</p>
	<br />
	<p>By the time she turns to look again, he's gone. No sound, no flash. Just absence.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate turns slowly to look back at where Rael had been, expecting to still catch a glimpse. But there's nothing—just quiet, empty alley. No sound. No flash. Just absence.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE (V.O.)</strong></p>
	<p>Alright. That’s gonna be someone’s problem tomorrow. Probably mine.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She walks off into the night—more alert than before, and a little less certain that she’s alone in the city anymore.</p>
</body>
</html>