<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
	<meta charset="UTF-8" />
	<title>Kate, Matt, Rael Meeting</title>
	<style>
		body { font-family: Georgia, serif; background-color: #f9f9f9; padding: 2em; line-height: 1.6; color: #222; }
		h1 { text-align: center; }
		h3 { margin-top: 2em; color: #444; }
		p { margin: 0.6em 0; }
		strong { font-weight: bold; }
		hr { border: none; border-top: 1px solid #ccc; margin: 2em 0; }
	</style>
</head>
<body>
	<h1>Kate, Matt, Rael Meeting</h1>
	<h3>EXT. ROOFTOP OVERLOOKING THE CITY – NIGHT</h3>
	<br />
	<p>Kate stands on a rooftop ledge, overlooking Manhattan. Her bow hangs loosely from her shoulder. The skyline glows—but she’s looking for a different light.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE (V.O.)</strong></p>
	<p>I’m good at reading people. Tells. Microexpressions. Vibe shifts.</p>
	<p>But him? He’s not a puzzle. He’s a mirror—and I hate what I see in it.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Behind her, a quiet warmth builds—no glow, no sound. She senses him before she sees him, and turns.</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL SOLARI stands there—still, steady, his posture more monk than myth. No light show. Just presence.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>You came looking.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (arms crossed)</p>
	<p>You knew I would.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>I hoped.</p>
	<br />
	<p>He walks to the ledge beside her, gazing out at the city.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>You look at the city like it’s yours to protect.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>It’s not mine. But someone has to try.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>You try harder than most.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate eyes him, frustrated and fascinated.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Okay. Cards on the table. Who are you really? No poetry. No riddles. I’ve had enough riddles to fill a Batcave.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Rael breathes in, slow.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>I am Rael Solari.</p>
	<p>I am not a god, though people once thought so.</p>
	<p>I am not a hero, though I’ve stood among them.</p>
	<p>I am... the echo of a promise made long before the world stopped listening to the old gods—and forgot that light could speak.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate stares. She wants to roll her eyes—but can’t.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>So... you’re some celestial... light-being? Why now? Why show up here? Why me?</p>
	<br />
	<p>Rael turns to her, and for the first time, something in him settles. No glow. No mystery. Just a man, honest and present.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>Because this world is bending. And when it breaks, it won’t be in fire. It will be in silence. The kind of silence where hope dies quietly.</p>
	<br />
	<p>He steps closer.</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL (cont’d)</p>
	<p>The ones I’ve seen rise before—gods, kings, titans—they shine from a distance.</p>
	<p>But you, Kate Bishop, burn nearer to the ground. You make people feel seen, even when you're still trying to see yourself.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate’s throat tightens, unexpectedly.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>I’m just a girl with a bow. And a lot of issues.</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL (softly)</p>
	<p>You’re a Dawnbreaker.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She lets that hang in the air.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>That sounds like a comic book.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>This world is starting to feel like one.</p>
	<br />
	<p>He extends a hand—not glowing, not imposing. Just... offered.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>I won’t force you. You don’t owe me anything. But if you walk with me, you’ll help decide what tomorrow looks like. For all of us.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate stares at his hand. Breathes.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>You’re lucky I like dramatic rooftop speeches.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She takes his hand.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (cont’d)</p>
	<p>Let’s go break some dawn.</p>
	<br />
	<h3>EXT. NEW YORK CITY – THE DOCKS – NIGHT</h3>
	<br />
	<p>The air smells like salt and rust. Water slaps against the pier. Everything feels still, heavy, like the night is holding its breath.</p>
	<br />
	<p>DAREDEVIL stands on the edge of a long-abandoned warehouse rooftop, masked, listening. His head turns slightly as soft footsteps approach behind him.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE (O.S.)</strong></p>
	<p>This where the cool kids brood now?</p>
	<br />
	<p>DAREDEVIL (without turning)</p>
	<p>Only the ones dealing with barefoot prophets and way too many questions.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Good. Was worried I was the only one not getting enough sleep.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She steps up beside him, pulling down her hood. They both stare out at the black river.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (cont’d)</p>
	<p>So. You’ve seen him more than once?</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>DAREDEVIL</strong></p>
	<p>Rael? Yeah. First time I felt him before I saw him.</p>
	<p>Like the city held its breath and whispered: he’s here.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>I hate how accurate that is.</p>
	<br />
	<p>A quiet beat between them.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (cont’d)</p>
	<p>He’s not like Thor or Strange. He’s not swinging hammers or rewriting reality. He feels like something that’s supposed to be here. But isn’t.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>DAREDEVIL</strong></p>
	<p>Because he’s not here to fight a villain.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (turning to him)</p>
	<p>Then what is he here to fight?</p>
	<br />
	<p>Matt hesitates.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>DAREDEVIL</strong></p>
	<p>I think… he’s here to stop the dark.</p>
	<p>Not shadows. Not crime. The dark that waits underneath everything.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate exhales slowly, eyes distant.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>He said I burn near the ground. You think that means something?</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>DAREDEVIL</strong></p>
	<p>Probably. Sounds like his way of saying you don't wait for the dark to pass—you light something up so others can find their way.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate glances at him, surprised by the clarity. Matt offers a small shrug.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>DAREDEVIL</strong></p>
	<p>He told me something like that, once.</p>
	<p>Said I was a blade in a blind man’s hand—dangerous, but still meant to protect.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate chuckles dryly.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Guy really knows how to make you feel both seen and existentially exposed.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Suddenly—</p>
	<br />
	<p>The wind shifts gently. A change in the air—subtle, like the city taking a breath.</p>
	<br />
	<p>They both notice it. Nothing loud. Nothing strange. Just... presence.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate slowly turns.</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL SOLARI stands a few feet away on the rooftop—no glow, no drama. Just presence. Calm, collected, endless.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>You came together. Good.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>You always sneak up like this?</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL (smiling faintly)</p>
	<p>You call it sneaking. I call it arriving in silence.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Matt steps forward.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>DAREDEVIL</strong></p>
	<p>Why now? Why the three of us?</p>
	<br />
	<p>Rael moves toward them, his voice gentle but steady.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>Because balance begins with trust.</p>
	<p>You walk in law, Matt Murdock. You walk in instinct, Kate Bishop.</p>
	<p>And I walk between them—where both must stand together if the dawn is to come.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Okay, so… is this where you tell us there’s some ancient evil rising, and we’re chosen warriors?</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL (tilting his head)</p>
	<p>Not chosen. Aligned. Your light resonates. That’s why it drew me.</p>
	<p>And why the dark will try to smother it soon.</p>
	<br />
	<p>DAREDEVIL (quietly)</p>
	<p>We’ve felt it.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>Good. Then you’re ready to stand.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate looks between them both. Still a little skeptical, but something deep in her is steadying. Ready.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Alright, prophet. You’ve got my arrow.</p>
	<p>But if I start glowing or doing weird flips, you’re covering the dry-cleaning.</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL (smirking)</p>
	<p>Noted.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>DAREDEVIL</strong></p>
	<p>And if this darkness comes for us?</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL (serious now)</p>
	<p>Then we meet it not as prey.</p>
	<p>But as Dawnbreakers.</p>
	<br />
	<p>The wind stirs again—just enough to ruffle their clothes, as if the city agrees.</p>
</body>
</html>