<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
	<meta charset="UTF-8" />
	<title>Kate Bishop Meeting – Part 2</title>
	<style>
		body { font-family: Georgia, serif; background-color: #f9f9f9; padding: 2em; line-height: 1.6; color: #222; }
		h1 { text-align: center; }
		h3 { margin-top: 2em; color: #444; }
		p { margin: 0.6em 0; }
		strong { font-weight: bold; }
		hr { border: none; border-top: 1px solid #ccc; margin: 2em 0; }
	</style>
</head>
<body>
	<h1>Kate Bishop Meeting – Part 2</h1>
	<h3>EXT. ROOFTOPS – NIGHT</h3>
	<br />
	<p>KATE BISHOP glides along the rooftops with practiced ease. The city hums beneath her—taxis, late-night sirens, distant club bass. But she’s tuned in to something else entirely.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE (V.O.)</strong></p>
	<p>Last night was strange. Not the usual weird—but enough to make me want to sweat it out with some old-school street work.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Thwip. Grapple line fires.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE (V.O.)</strong></p>
	<p>Nothing clears the head like bad guys and stolen purses.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Suddenly—a scream.</p>
	<br />
	<p>From below. A young voice.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>GIRL (O.S.)</strong></p>
	<p>Let me go!</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate freezes, pivots.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE (V.O.)</strong></p>
	<p>Every damn time.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She leaps.</p>
	<br />
	<h3>EXT. BACK ALLEY – CONTINUOUS</h3>
	<br />
	<p>A man bolts through the alley clutching a young girl—8 or 9 years old, kicking and screaming. He’s fast, desperate.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate lands ahead of them, bow already drawn.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Hey, creep! Wrong city.</p>
	<br />
	<p>The man swerves down a narrower side alley—panicked, muttering.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KIDNAPPER (ragged)</p>
	<p>No, no, not again—please, not again!</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate gives chase—boots pounding pavement.</p>
	<br />
	<h3>EXT. SIDE ALLEY – MOMENTS LATER</h3>
	<br />
	<p>The man turns the corner sharply—then screams.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KIDNAPPER (O.S.)</strong></p>
	<p>No! No—what is this? What is he?</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate rounds the same corner at full speed—</p>
	<br />
	<p>—and stops short.</p>
	<br />
	<p>The alley is filled with a soft, golden light—unnatural, but not magical. Like early dawn breaking through thick fog.</p>
	<br />
	<p>The kidnapper is on his knees, shielding his eyes, trembling. It’s not pain—it’s fear. Fear of something he doesn't understand.</p>
	<br />
	<p>The little girl stands unharmed. Steady. A gentle glow seems to settle around her—like the kind of light that makes you feel safe without knowing why.</p>
	<br />
	<p>And in front of her—</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL SOLARI, barefoot, his eyes glowing like dawn through smoke.</p>
	<br />
	<p>He stands quietly, one hand slightly raised—steady, not threatening. The light around him is soft, centered on the child, casting the alley in a calm stillness. The graffiti and clutter seem less harsh in the glow, as if momentarily muted by presence alone.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (quietly)</p>
	<p>You again.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Rael turns, his expression unreadable.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>You were meant to follow.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>You’re following me, sunshine.</p>
	<br />
	<p>RAEL (glancing at the child)</p>
	<p>I follow where pain stirs light.</p>
	<br />
	<p>The girl looks at Rael in awe, then slowly runs to Kate, hugging her legs.</p>
	<br />
	<p>GIRL (whispering)</p>
	<p>He didn’t let the bad man hurt me.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate wraps an arm around her, eyes never leaving Rael.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (to Rael)</p>
	<p>You blinded him?</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>I let him see.</p>
	<br />
	<p>The kidnapper groans on the ground—his eyes open now, unfocused. Not blind, but shaken. Like he’s trying to process something too real, too close.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KIDNAPPER (mumbling)</p>
	<p>I saw... I don’t know. Just... what I’ve done. What I became.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Sirens wail faintly in the distance.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Rael begins to walk past Kate.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>The light doesn’t choose sides. It simply reveals what is.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate watches him go, stunned for once.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>You’re not done with me, are you?</p>
	<br />
	<p>He pauses just long enough.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>RAEL</strong></p>
	<p>No. Not until you choose what kind of light you want to be.</p>
	<br />
	<p>He turns the corner at a steady pace. By the time Kate looks again, both he and the light are gone—like they’d simply stepped out of the moment.</p>
	<br />
	<h3>EXT. ROOFTOP ABOVE – MINUTES LATER</h3>
	<br />
	<p>Kate sits with the girl, now safe, waiting for police.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She looks out over the city, more uncertain than ever.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE (V.O.)</strong></p>
	<p>I’ve fought aliens, gods, street gangs.</p>
	<p>But I’ve never met someone who looks at you like they already know the ending—and they’re waiting to see if you’ll change it.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She exhales.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE (V.O.)</strong></p>
	<p>What the hell are you, Rael?</p>
	<br />
	<h3>INT. MATT’S APARTMENT – NIGHT</h3>
	<br />
	<p>A knock.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Matt, dressed down in a simple T-shirt and sweats, tilts his head as he approaches the door. He already knows who it is—heartbeat steady but sharp, like a string pulled too tight.</p>
	<br />
	<p>He opens the door.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>MATT</strong></p>
	<p>Kate.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (walking in without invitation)</p>
	<p>Hey, counselor.</p>
	<br />
	<p>MATT (closing the door)</p>
	<p>You’re not exactly the “drop by for tea” type.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Nope. Not unless the tea’s served in an alley with a barefoot guy who looks like a time-traveling monk.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Matt freezes just slightly.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate catches it.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (circling the room)</p>
	<p>So. Let’s skip the warm-up. You’ve seen him. You know something about what he is. You just didn’t think I would.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>MATT</strong></p>
	<p>I didn’t think you were supposed to.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Oh, good. You’re doing the cryptic prophet thing too now.</p>
	<br />
	<p>She drops into a chair.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>He saved a kid last night. Saved me, kind of. Not with fists. Not with tech. Just... with whatever the hell he is.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Matt walks to the window, back turned.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>MATT</strong></p>
	<p>He’s not like us.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Yeah. I got that. What I didn’t get is why you didn’t mention him at Josie’s. You knew. And you didn’t say a word.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Matt sighs. Long, heavy.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>MATT</strong></p>
	<p>Because I didn’t want to pull anyone else into this. I’ve seen what he’s capable of—how he moves in a fight, what he does to people, even when he’s holding back. It changes you. Watching him... changes you.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (leaning forward)</p>
	<p>So you have history.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>MATT</strong></p>
	<p>More like... unfinished penance.</p>
	<br />
	<p>He finally turns.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>MATT</strong></p>
	<p>He’s not just another vigilante with a dramatic entrance. There’s something old in him—measured. He shows up when something changes, when it feels like the city's out of step with itself.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Out of step how? What kind of change are we talking about?</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>MATT</strong></p>
	<p>That’s the part I don’t know. But I trust my gut—and my gut says Rael Solari isn’t here for show.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate stands.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>Well, he’s seen me now. Said I have a choice coming. Like he’s reading my future off a teleprompter made of stars.</p>
	<br />
	<p>MATT (quietly)</p>
	<p>He does that.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>So... what now?</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>MATT</strong></p>
	<p>Now? You keep doing what you do. You help people. You fight for the ones no one else sees.</p>
	<br />
	<p>KATE (dry)</p>
	<p>And wait around for the barefoot sunrise guy to drop back in like some cryptic weather pattern?</p>
	<br />
	<p>Matt almost smiles.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>MATT</strong></p>
	<p>Pretty much.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate heads for the door. Stops. Looks back.</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>KATE</strong></p>
	<p>You trust him?</p>
	<br />
	<p><strong>MATT</strong></p>
	<p>I don’t know if I trust him.</p>
	<p>But I trust what he brings out in people. Especially the ones he doesn’t choose by accident.</p>
	<br />
	<p>Kate lingers on that. Then nods, and slips out.</p>
</body>
</html>