<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<title>Rael Meets Matt Dual Encounter</title>
		<style>
			body { font-family: Georgia, serif; background-color: #f9f9f9; padding: 2em; line-height: 1.6; color: #222; }
			h1 { text-align: center; }
			h3 { margin-top: 2em; color: #444; }
			p { margin: 0.6em 0; }
			strong { font-weight: bold; }
			hr { border: none; border-top: 1px solid #ccc; margin: 2em 0; }
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<h1>Rael Meets Matt Dual Encounter</h1>
		<h3>SCENE STRUCTURE: TWO-NIGHT ENCOUNTER BETWEEN RAEL AND MATT MURDOCK</h3>

		<hr />

		<h3>NIGHT ONE - INT. JOSIE'S BAR - NIGHT</h3>

		<p>The low murmur of a half-full bar hums around Matt Murdock and Foggy Nelson, seated in their usual corner booth. Matt's glass is untouched. Foggy's mid-story, hands animated.</p>

		<p>**FOGGY**I'm just saying, for a blind guy, you still always manage to win every debate we ever have. I want a rematch—with a real judge this time.</p>

		<p>**MATT (smirks)**Is that why you ordered three drinks ahead? Tactical confidence?</p>

		<p>Foggy chuckles, about to reply——when Matt's expression changes. Subtle. His head tilts.</p>

		<p>**FOGGY**Oh no. That's your “I heard something horrible a mile away” face.</p>

		<p>**MATT**...Something's moving under 12th and Bleeker. Heavy. Fast. Not... right.</p>

		<p>He rises, pulling his cane.</p>

		<p>**FOGGY (sighs)**Let me guess. “Stay here, Foggy.” Right?</p>

		<p>**MATT**Stay here, Foggy.</p>

		<hr />

		<h3>NIGHT ONE - EXT. SEWER ENTRANCE - NIGHT</h3>

		<p>A manhole cover hangs half-lifted. The stench of rot and sulfur wafts up.</p>

		<p>Matt slides in silently. The darkness swallows him.</p>

		<hr />

		<h3>NIGHT ONE - INT. SEWERS - LATE NIGHT</h3>

		<p>The air is dense with chanting—low, guttural. Echoes of Latin twisted by some deeper tongue.</p>

		<p>Matt, now in Daredevil gear, stalks forward. Flickering torchlight reveals hooded cultists gathered in a circle. Something shifts at the center—an arrangement of bone fragments and darkened resin.</p>

		<p>One cultist turns—eyes empty. His face is streaked with grime and painted markings.</p>

		<p>**CULTIST (in a rasped whisper)**The Aten burns false. Only shadow endures.</p>

		<p>Suddenly they lunge. The fight begins—tight quarters, claws, knives, whispered curses.</p>

		<p>Daredevil weaves between attacks—blows precise. But then—</p>

		<p>—one cultist steps forward, his movements sharp and ritualistic, dark cloth draped over his shoulders like crude ceremonial garb.</p>

		<p>**CULTIST (LEADER)**You dare interrupt our awakening? You blind fool!</p>

		<p>As he raises a blade dripping in void-light, a beam of golden brilliance crashes down through a sewer grate above, vaporizing part of the altar.</p>

		<p>A figure drops lightly through the opening, barefoot, wearing garments cut in the style of ancient ceremonial dress but tailored with modern ease—linen whites trimmed in muted gold. His presence is calm, grounded—eyes sharp, alert, unmistakably human.</p>

		<p>**RAEL SOLARI**He dares. And he is not alone.</p>

		<p>The shadows seem to hesitate at Rael's arrival—curling back along the walls, as if responding to something they don't yet understand.</p>

		<p>Matt pauses—his senses catching something unfamiliar. The warmth in the air, the steady rhythm of Rael's heartbeat—strange, but human.</p>

		<p>**DAREDEVIL**Who the hell are you?</p>

		<p>**RAEL**Someone who sees what you do in darkness... and has come to see if your light is worthy to burn brighter.</p>

		<p>They fight together now—Rael moves with quiet precision, striking with practiced skill and disarming cultists with hand-to-hand efficiency. When necessary, a flicker of light from his palm neutralizes a sigil mid-chant. Daredevil's batons shatter bones. It's elegance and brutality in harmony.</p>

		<p>The cult disperses. But something deeper stirs—this was just an opening act.</p>

		<p>Rael steps past him, gazing at the ruined altar.</p>

		<p>**RAEL (softly)**This wasn't their main effort. Just a test. And there will be more.</p>

		<p>Rael gives Matt a final look—and then he's gone. No sound, no shimmer. Just... gone. Matt doesn't notice at first. When he does, he's alone in the flickering torchlight, left only with the damp air and his thoughts.</p>

		<hr />

		<h3>NIGHT TWO - INT. ABANDONED SUBWAY PLATFORM - NIGHT</h3>

		<p>The walls thrum with twisted chants. Graffiti curls in jagged, chaotic lines. Cultists circle a pool of dark, oil-like liquid. The air hangs heavy and stale.</p>

		<p>Daredevil enters, silent but coiled. He doesn't speak. He doesn't need to.</p>

		<p>A snarling dog—lean, scarred, and clearly trained—bursts from the shadows, its collar marked with crude symbols. Daredevil ducks and counters, driving it back with a swift kick and roll.</p>

		<p>**DAREDEVIL (V.O.)**Same chanting. Different place. This time... I knew what to expect. But I didn't know I'd expect *him*.</p>

		<p>The cultist leader raises a crooked staff. A cold gleam flickers along the crooked staff.</p>

		<p>**CULTIST LEADER (chanting, echoed by others)**The Aten's flame cannot reach us here.Not in the dark below.Not beneath stone and forgotten names.Only shadow guides us now.</p>

		<p>Matt feels it before he sees it—a shift in pressure, like someone stepping into the room behind you.</p>

		<p>**DAREDEVIL (V.O.)**Not now. Not him.</p>

		<p>**RAEL (O.S.)**You called me.</p>

		<p>Rael steps through a narrow side corridor, blending into the moment like he'd always been part of it. No entrance of light. Just motion, intent, and presence.</p>

		<p>**DAREDEVIL (gritted)**I didn't mean to.</p>

		<p>**RAEL**You didn't have to.</p>

		<p>A new fight begins. Rael moves swiftly, parrying attacks with measured precision, using his forearms and open hands to redirect incoming blows. He disarms one cultist with a sharp pivot and low sweep. Daredevil breaks the summoning ring, using chain and baton with practiced rhythm.</p>

		<p>**RAEL**These rituals are no longer fragments. They're escalating.</p>

		<p>**DAREDEVIL**Tell me something I don't know.</p>

		<p>**RAEL**Whoever's behind this... they've started to move. This was just the beginning.</p>

		<p>Their final blow is shared. Matt knocks the leader back into the pool. Rael closes in with swift footwork and delivers a sharp blow to the cult leader's temple, dropping him instantly.</p>

		<p>Silence.</p>

		<p>**DAREDEVIL**What do you want from me?</p>

		<p>**RAEL**Only what you already are. But soon, I'll find you again—and when I do, I'll be asking for something bigger.</p>

		<p>Rael fades—not into light. Into stillness.</p>

		<p>Matt breathes deep.</p>

		<p>**DAREDEVIL (dryly, to himself)**</p>
		<p>Great. Can't wait.</p>

		<p>Alone again—but not really.</p>
	</body>
</html>